hello to all these exiles but I hope
that you're fine me it 's great and
we wish on cash to clans on
my ipod
if it feels good to walk so then I
did the test it worked it would it be
it would be really bad luck
does not work because on the ipod 4
normally it does not work because it
seems he is not powerful enough
so I hope class so there his load
very slowly
I hope it will open because I
does not present you a lot of videos of
violent clash because that's ibug so
well I can not do too much and there
he really works
and yes, so here is not this
video to be a video commented his
ramparts very very quickly so that's it
this is my monster energy clan
so if you want to come it's me
chief
so that's a little clan what so
all levels allowed except archi three
minimal epub is having a negotiations
if you walked 2 so that's so
that's the subject of the video it's going to be
well how to have his assets from his
ramparts quickly we'll say that like
so that's so sorry here so the
technical
these two to always have a worker of
available and and that's just hamouri
available in so that's the goal
to try here that's all there is
time the goal is attack shots
and ben you pass live vote ramparts
so what will do that people like
you when they will attack you and ben
they will not prick you much
of hours they will prick you down I
not there j nothing j
ten thousand you sting for example there I
am not just thirty thousand I think
when they will attack after his defeat
it depends on the ages of wc 1 hd v5 hd v10
who attack me
So that's how you lose - from gold to
every time so what am I doing
is that ben I keep my elixir with
the elixir bages improves everything that is
watched the aja best network mines
of gold and a black election extractor
so that's actually I 'm going to summarize you
a little bit the system but I think I have
understood so attacking you like the
I need two hundred thousand for
improve and a low men's rampart
level this island 200000 that's what is
quite expensive anyway we invent a
level 7
so once I put two hundred
thousand I wait all the time have
270000 like that time is that so
you improve direct vote ramparts it
will you stay 70000 and defects 170000
gold I do not find with research
you know when we search or lose
their hunger everyone knows all the
world is so voila me I you
advises to have two hundred and fifty
one thousand two hundred and seventy thousand for
attack and attacked two good village
kind 150000 off mini everything you do
barbaric crowd and finally not crazy
barbarian barbarian archers I'm going
three quarters of the archers and a quarter to
barbarian and broken brick we know
never more lightning spells not
two years of lightning 2 gets out of their age and
a healing spell except that I could
deceive with the cure two spell
and the fate of rage
so that's when you have
attacked down you climb your battlements
live like that you will lose no
time finally no clash means and
you will be welcome because it has gone up
fast enough
so I did this a little bit a
week in June a little bit the
evening like lime vacation good bah
I started to put it well so you
reserve or gold reserves and am me
could put them a little away
because is useless you will
never go in there so here I am
prefer to put lixir tea stock
rather protected like that well I'm I
finer my tach less psyc offenses
so that's so it was a little tutorial
how did not stop his walls end this
ram so faster so here it is and
join my clan please it
would it would be nice not talked sharing
with subscribers all because this
you do not want to talk about it too much
so that's it, well, I hope you know
you will have pleased and at the next
go ciao everyone